in this video I'm going to share with
you five different ways that you can use
chat gpt's artificial intelligence for
your Instagram first of all what the
heck even is chat GPT think about it
like this it's a chat bot that's smarter
than any other chat bot on the planet
basically it knows almost everything
that's on the internet up until 2022 and
it's able to search through read and
summarize all that data in order to form
smart responses to pretty much anything
that you can ask it and unlike Google
where you're typing in your query and
then Google's giving you a long list of
Articles so then you have to do the work
to summarize it and to pull out data and
information chat GPT can actually
perform tasks for you in fact the G in
GPT stands for generative which means
that it can generate its own unique
responses you can ask it to write emails
you can ask it to summarize text you can
ask it to give bullet points you can ask
it to give you a 15 sentence poem
written in shakespearean's style about
ordering from In and Out Burger in and
out the the burger of Kings a feast Fit
For A Royal Court fresh buns cooked to
Golden perfection
juicy beef a true Delight the sauce a
secret recipe brings flavor to every
bite the lettuce crisp the tomato red
the onion thinly sliced adds zest a
burger that surpasses all the rest a
masterpiece that can't be missed no
chain can match its Savory taste an
In-N-Out Burger cannot be replaced a
true Delight a burger Divine an In-N-Out
Burger forever mine a treat to save her
a joy to devour an In-N-Out Burger a
Shakespearean power wow that's pretty
good and it wrote that in seconds that
poem doesn't exist anywhere on the
internet and in fact if I press the
regenerate response button it will
rewrite that poem in a slightly
different style with slightly different
wording and give me a totally new unique
poem I've already begun using chat GPT
in my own social media on Twitter here
on YouTube and on Instagram and so I'm
going to share with you five different
ideas of how you can use it on your
Instagram in 2023. my first idea of how
you can use Chachi BT is for Content
ideas you can use it specifically to
help you come up with look help you come
up with entire videos and even write
scripts for those videos you can ask it
hey chatgpt write me 15 video topic
ideas for moms over the age of 40 who
are interested in cleaning with
essential oils and in a few seconds
it'll do that you can then ask it to
turn those 15 ideas into bullet pointed
scripts that you can then use to film
your educational videos and these ideas
that the AI is coming up with aren't
just random ideas from across the
internet they're ideas that the AI
thinks is best based off the thousands
if not millions of other articles and
searches that it is able to perform in
just a few seconds the second idea of
how you can use chat GPT is to literally
write scripts maybe you're good at like
bullet pointing out what you want to say
but when it comes to turning it into a
full script you really struggle you can
give chat GPT your bullet point script
and have it extrapolate that text into a
full typed out script that you can then
record for your video I do want to pause
really quickly and just note that if you
are only relying on artificial
intelligence to come up with the idea
write the script and then you're just
reading it word for word it might not
come across in your exact tone so it's
important to still bring your own
authenticity bring your own style your
own personality to these videos and not
just plagiarize exactly what the AI is
telling you the third idea of how you
could use chat GPT for your Instagram is
to summarize long pieces of content
let's say you went live on Instagram for
an hour you could download that video to
your phone export the transcript put the
transcript into chat GPT and then ask it
to summarize the points you could even
give it specific criteria and say hey
give me the 15 bullet point summary of
complete sentences from this hour-long
Instagram reel you could then even have
it rewrite those points into short form
videos or rewrite that long form content
into a condensed blog or email you could
even and this one's a little bit
Advanced export your comments sections
and or your direct messages and then put
all of those transcripts into chat GPT
and ask it to pull out the major trends
that it notices within that text that
way it's not relying on your own human
error and fallacies to scroll through
your DMs and figure out what people want
to know instead you can just put it
right into the artificial intelligence
and it'll spit out whatever people are
looking for the most and then you could
create content that relates to those
topics my fourth idea is the opposite of
the third idea and that's expanding on
your content you could give it the
script you've written for your reel you
could give it the transcription of one
of your short videos one of your stories
or even the text from one of your
Carousel posts on Instagram and then ask
it to expand on those points or ask it
to turn those points into a long form
piece of content like a blog or script
for a YouTube video or even talking
points for an Instagram live my fifth
idea of how you could use chat GPT is
for Trend spotting now my one word of
caution here is that currently chat
gpt's information stops at the beginning
of the year 2022 so it won't necessarily
be able to look at what's currently
happening in the market and recognize
Trends if you're looking for things that
change on a day-to-day or week-to-week
basis but if you're looking for
overarching Trends or even predictions
for the coming years you can ask chat
gbt and it will oftentimes give you a
pretty accurate or realistic prediction
of trends that are coming soon my sixth
idea for how you could use chat GPT is
to write content for other platforms a
lot of other platforms rely more heavily
on text than Instagram does so you could
take let's say the transcript from one
of your reels or the text that's in one
of your captions and ask chat GPT to
write tweets from that content you could
also ask it to write blogs email
newsletters or Facebook posts that
relate to the content that you are
giving it so it's your content that
you're creating your own ideas your own
work work you're giving it the text and
then it is able to transform those
things into new content that you can use
on other platforms thus allowing one
reel or one piece of content on
Instagram to live on and be more
widespread on other platforms one thing
I'm super excited for in 2023 is to
continue to see how your own creativity
pushes artificial intelligence and chat
GPT to its limits and even Beyond
ultimately these tools are really cool
and they're really powerful But
ultimately they're only as powerful as
the people who are using them and I
think it's our job as entrepreneurs not
to have the right answers but to ask the
right questions and with chat GPT you're
literally going to get better responses
if you ask it better questions so I want
to encourage you and this is not a
publicity stunt this is not uh something
that they're I'm saying because they're
sponsoring me this is just my opinion
and my advice get on chat gbt start
experimenting start seeing what you can
come up with because I bet you're going
to come up with other ways to use
artificial intelligence for your
Instagram that I didn't even mention in
this video I know personally when one
thing that I'm super excited about is
when artificial intelligence is able to
create text posts and graphics and
carousels and even one day videos that I
can use on social media so it's my own
ideas my own prompts and then the
artificial intelligence is able to run
with that and create more content for me
one of my predictions for 2023 was the
artificial intelligence will be used by
the highest level creators to set their
content apart so I'm excited to see how
you use chat GPT and artificial
intelligence in the coming years let me
know down in the comments what you think
if you have any ideas of how you're
going to be using it or maybe how you
already are using artificial
intelligence in your content and don't
forget to press that subscribe Button as
well because every single week here on
this YouTube channel I'm sharing
educational videos ideas tips and
inspiration to help grow your following
and make more money on social media